c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe.config
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Form1.resources
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
c:\users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
C:\Users\ahmet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.yeniKayıt.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.giris.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ahmet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe.config
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Form1.resources
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.giris.resources
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.yeniKayıt.resources
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe.config
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.giris.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.yeniKayıt.resources
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.exe
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroDiş.pdb
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\ahmet\Desktop\MetroDiş\MetroDiş\obj\Debug\MetroDiş.doktorEkrani.resources
